fix domain indicator (#11605)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonTypes/ReleaseNotes/2_8_5.md

#### Indicator Types

> - **domainRepUnified** - Fixed an issue where **DateStringToISOFormat** script tried to operates on undefined fields. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **domainRepUnified** - Fixed an issue where the **DateStringToISOFormat** script tried to operate on undefined fields. 
```
